So, guys, now we will see what does the Days three does, it takes an input the assembly code and
produces the machine code, which is an object code or object file.
So you can see on the screen, on the left hand side is the output of the state's two of the compilation
process.
And it is a pure assembly code.
On the right hand side, we can convert this assembly code into the object code using minus C flag.
Right.
So you can see I have created a test object file, but object files are not human readable files.
If you tried to open this file in an editor, you will only end up with seeing a junk.
So thankfully, there are tools or widget dump kind of tools which are used to decode the object files
on the Linux platform.
Right.
So let me redirect the output to the temporary file and then we can see what is there in the temporary
file.
So you can see on the right hand side, it's the content of the object file has got all you can see
on the left hand side there is a machine cord and on the right hand side is an equivalent assembly code.
Right.
So what is feed it to the processor for execution?
Is actually this binary code or machine code, right.
So you can see that this binary code or machine code is the hexadecimal representation of your program.
And the values on the most left hand side is actually the actual addresses present in the virtual address,
the space of your program.
So you can see, for example, this construction is located at the virtual address number four of the
virtual address space of this program.
And this instruction is nothing, but it is moving some value from the Udai register to the base point
to register, right.
So, of course, this assembly code itself was kind of a black box to us.
And there is no question that people are going to understand what this binary code is.
The bottom line is that you understand the pipeline of the completion process of a C program.
And it is a great interview question.
Though you are not expected to decode this assembly code or machine code and tell what actually this
code is, but you are expected to know the various stages of the compilation process that the typical
C program goes to every time you compile a program and run it.
So you can see that for the function, compute the square and compute circle area.
The following is the machine code underneath each of them.
And finally, we have the main function, which is also translated into its equivalent machine called.
Also, one more thing you can notice is that that the information in this object file is properly organized,
right?
You can see that the information is properly maintained and very much organized.
If you notice that information is divided into sections.
For example, this is the text section of the program.
And if you go down, you can see that this is the section which is called Read Only Data Section, then
comment section.
And then there's the section called Each Underscore Frame and so on.
So this format of the object file on the Linux platform is especially damed as YALLAH format.
The full form of Elaph is executable and linkable format, so on Linux platform, all the object files
and executables are finally converted into an organized piece of information and the format is called
ILF Executable and link format.
So it's just that you should not be alien to the storm itself.
And after stories three, once we have created all the object files corresponding to all of our source
file, then the final stage of the compilation process is the Linko stage, which we will going to discuss
in the next lecture video.